So to check whether everything works we now have to append our token to our different requests.
Now in the off service we have the user as I think had it getter and user I.D. getter.
Now we need a new getter that actually allows us to get access to our token from the different parts
of our application.
Now there I will basically just take the same logic I did here for a user I.D. in my token getter all
get the user and then map it and even we have a user in which case I want to return that token or we
have no user in which case I want a return NULL.
This will by the way all the return null if the token should be invalid for whatever reason.
Normally we should be locked out in that case of course.
Now the places where we send requests are in our place service and in our booking service.
Let's start with a place service every age GDP request your needs to have a token appended to it and
the way you append a token can be learned in the official firebase real time database REST API docs
you can add a query parameter at the end off which simply holds your token as a value for this all changed
quotes here to back ticks so that injecting data into the string is easier.
And now here I want to inject my token of course that means that we need to get that token now.
For that we can reach out to the off service get that token observable and since it is an observable
add pipe here with a switch map you know that from the user I.D. we get our token and in the end we
return our get request in there.
But now here we have access to the token and we can add this here and now we simply call or add all
the obvious steps we had in the pipe method before to this pipe method.
And of course we should return this H to the request.
Now this should allow us to fetch places with a token Let's reload this app and see if we get our places
here and this looks good.
I can see my place is here.
Now we can also see the images because the link we have for displaying the images does not require any
authentication.
Let's work on getting a single place now because at the moment if I was at a single place I can't load
that.
So here in get place let's all the ad off service token and at the pipe method to add a switch map.
Operator here where we get dead token justice before and now I will return my website my get request
in there return the entire observable chain here and append to token at the end by adding off and then
we can inject our token here and now as before we just add the obvious steps in that observable chain
to this.
Now let's move on to upload image data.
We all need to token and there we add it in a header actually and not with this query parameter still.
First of all I will return this off service token because we'll need it and then I pipe a switch map
here to get that token and return a new observable Where did new observable of course is my well old
request I made here.
Now here I don't need to use back ticks instead of quotes because I will add to token in the header
and hence I pass a third argument to that post method that is a object that allows us to configure the
request and we can set the headers there and I want to set the authorization header to bearer whitespace
and then the token that is what we're looking for in the cloud function and what allows us to retrieve
that token So this hopefully will extend now at place all the needs to be changed there.
I'm already getting the user I.D. and I take one that is an important note by the way all the places
where I'm getting the token I should also only take one to not set up a recurring ongoing subscription.
Instead take one all the time but now going down to ad place I'm getting the user I.D. which is nice
then I'll add.
So which map here to also get my token.
So here I get that user idea fetched for Dad let me store it here in a fetched user I.D. field for example
so that I can access it everywhere.
That's my user I.D. I'm getting here and then here I will return and never call to the off service where
I get the token this time and therefore this switch map I actually get the token by the way add take
one here as well to only take one token and not set up a ongoing subscription.
Then here I get that token user I.D. here that is my fetched user I.D. which I find up there and which
I then set here when I have the I.D. let's use that also here and now for the HDP request I need to
append that token.
So at the end here I again add off and set as equal to my injected or to my fetched token here injected
into this string with this string literal syntax.
So now we have the token here as well an update place.
I of course also want to get that so in there I'll return this off serve as token pipe methods on that.
And first of all start with take one then add switch map here where I get that token and index which
map I will return my actual next step here where I get my places.
So return this places which already is an observable at the other operators to this same chain since
I get the token here however and I don't need it in this step all store it in a fetched token variable
which I initialize here then.
So fetch token is equal to the token I get from my first or from this subscription where I only take
one value though then I continue to do places and then when I need the token here at the bottom then
I just add Western mask off and set as equal to my fetched token.
So now all the places functions should be up to date.
Let's test them.
This compiles and I log in visiting a single place works booking will not work.
We haven't worked on that yet.
Now let's add a new place with off hopefully works let's set all this data here.
Here we go.
That looks pretty good.
Looks like the image all that was uploaded successfully if I now editors.
Let's see if editing all the works.
Yeah so that all works as it should.
Now let's move on and let's make sure that booking all the works of course definitely feel free to do
this on your own as a practice.